If my patient does not accept transfusions, regardless of whether he is one of the always
witnesses or not, in fact that is not the point, I must think of an alternative method.
There is no uniform standard.
We can't say this patient does not accept transfusions, therefore it does not want to
be treated.
It depends on the type of illness and on its condition.
It depends on when the patient comes to us and several factors a doctor needs to consider.
It is certainly possible to treat tumors such as lymphoma, acute as well as other types
of leukemias, a myeloma, a disease that is only increased in the Western world without
blood transfusions.
It is not possible to say that he died for that reason, rather we can say that the primary
cause was bleeding.
The secondary cause may be that anemia affected the heart, its functionality.
The third cause may be that not everything was done to implement and adequate treatment
in such a situation.
It depends.
It's extremely verbal.
Now we have hospitalized a young man who was in a globing value is four.
An old told at rest, he tolerates the condition well, but there might be another patient who,
for instance, has a heart condition that he tolerates with difficulty, so it isn't possible
to evaluate situations in the same way.
There are therapeutic protocols that doctors usually follow, but in my view, these rules
could be rewritten.